PREFACE


The present volume aims at furnishing a succinct exposure of the
pretensions of the Modern Feminist Movement. It aims at presenting
the case against it with an especial view to tracking down and
gibbetting the infamous falsehoods, the conventional statements, which
are not merely perversions of the truth, but which are directly and
categorically contrary to the truth, but which pass muster by sheer
force of uncontradicted repetition. It is by this kind of bluff that
the claims of Feminism are sustained. The following is a fair example
of the statements of Feminist writers:- "As for accusing the world at
large of fatuous indulgence for womanhood in general, the idea is too
preposterous for words. The true 'legends of the Old Bailey' tell, not
of women absurdly acquitted, but of miserable girls sent to the gallows
for murders committed in half delirious dread of the ruthlessness of
hypocritical Society." Now it is this sort of legend that it is one
of the chief objects of the following pages to explode. Of course the
"fatuous indulgence" for "womanhood in general," practised by the
"world at large," is precisely one of the most conspicuous features
of our time, and the person who denies it, if he is not deliberately
prevaricating, must be a veritable Rip van Winkle awakening out of a
sleep lasting at least two generations. Similarly the story of the
"miserable girls sent to the gallows," etc., is, as far as living
memory is concerned, a pure legend. It is well known that in the cases
referred to of the murder of their new-born children by girls, at the
very outside a year or two's light imprisonment is the only penalty
actually inflicted. The acquittal of women on the most serious charges,
especially where the victims are men, in the teeth of the strongest
evidence, is, on the other hand, an everyday occurrence. Now it is
statements like the above on which, as already said, the Feminist
Movement thrives; its most powerful argumentative weapon with the man
in the street is the legend that woman is oppressed by man. It is
rarely that anyone takes the trouble to refute the legend in general,
or any specific case adduced as an illustration of it. When, however,
the bluff is exposed, when the real facts of the case are laid bare to
public notice, and woman is shown, not only as not oppressed but as
privileged, up to the top of her bent, then the apostles of Feminism,
male and female, being unable to make even a plausible case out in
reply, with one consent resort to the boycott, and, by ignoring what
they cannot answer, seek to stop the spread of the unpleasant truth so
dangerous to their cause. The pressure put upon publishers and editors
by the influential Feminist sisterhood is well known.